Let me get that for you.
What did you pack?
We're only here two days.
I like to be prepared.
I'll clean it.
I'm sure it's expensive--
Don't worry. it's a fake.
But I thought you were rich.
No. I'm not.
- I live in the same neighborhood as you.
- Really?
You thought
I was rich and dumb?
I'll give you a pass 'cause you're cute.
I found the letter!
What letter?
It's okay.
I feel the same way.
Dae. you can be honest with me!
Like what's written in the letter...
Oh. Dae!
Can... I see that letter?
It doesn't have a name on it.
Dae. I know it's for me. Look.
So...
Of course.
it's a little soon for love letters.
When we get back to Seoul.
would you like to get dinner with me?
Wait a minute.
if you didn't write this. whose is this?
What are you guys talking about?